# Aurelia D'Arcy
Divination Wizard

Travelling through [Slimy Pebble](SlimyPebble) presumably on the their way to the [Steel City](SteelCity%201.md).  Has a short flapper bob with a crazy 20s rogue makeup situation. Hung out with [John Hollis](Ayamar) for a while thinking that they were [Oscar Wilde](OscarWilde.md). Prefers to make her living by convincing rich barons of industry and wives to pay her after performing fake seances, doesn't use magical powers in pursuit of her grift. 

## Flashback 
Aurelia is in a large upper class home in Philadelphia with candles and incense and cushions to create an approriate seance-y atmosphere in the most theatrical atmosphere. She is dressed in thematically appropriate, vaugely exotic looking clothing and a 1920s turban with jewlery. All the gems are glass and the clothing is as cheap as it can be but still be convinceing and everything is covered in fringe. She looks to be thrown, with all of her clothes around her. on to a chaise longe which she commands presence from. This is Uncle Victor's house, he passed a few months ago. There is rain and fog outside the windows. 

There is a couple in front of her, in their late 50s sitting in two rickety chairs. Their fashion is forty years outdated, despite their age. They are trying to call forth Uncle Victor to speak to him, Aurelia spends the first few minutes completely ignoring the couple and humming to herself. Then snaps her eye's open, and the couple gasp at the sudden movement. She tells them that in order to reach Uncle Victor the couple needs to leave their earthly notions behind. She begins to walk them through breathing exercises despite the woman, Ethel, being corsetted. 

Ethel wants a postal situation with the dead, she appears frightened by the prosepect of her Uncle actually returning. Ethel is deeply concerned by this whole situation and wants. "Dear Uncle Vicky, its Ethel. I know we didn't talk all that much, I was wondering because we love you so so so much, and I am hoping you are having a great time in heaven. I know you had a lot of hobbies but where did you put the will for the house." Aurelia rolls her eyes back into her head, "Where did you place you will Victor, so your earthly relatives may continue on living here while you are in the afterlife". A moment later, "Victor speaks to me, 'Search my desk and office, failing that contact my probate lawyer.'" 

Ethel kicks her husband and he scurries away to search the desk and office. Aurelia also adds the detail that there may be hidden compartments. Ethel screams after her husband. Aurelia, asks if there is anything that Ethel wants to know. Ethel asks if Uncle Victor actually let Ruby the Rabbit go live on a farm with the other bunnies. After another eye roll and uncomfortable silence, Aurelia confirms that the rabbit was on the farm. Ethel screams that her brothers were 'dirty fucking liars' and goes to run after her husband to search the desk. 

Aurelia looks through the couple's coats and finds a bunch of cash and some very nice jewlery. She takes one of the earings, the pocket watch change, and some cash from their pockets in addition to the gold that she was given for her services. Aurelia's bag clunks after her down the stairs, the bag follows her on a leash but clunks every three to four steps. 

As she descends the stairs change from being Victorian style stairs and they turn into castle style stairs. Leaving the house, she looks back at the streets of Philadelphia which are mostly lined with castles that have victorian houses sticking out of the sides of them. There are Henry Ford Model A's sharing the road with horses and carriages and a mag-lev trolley that is clearly magical. Auerlia is headed to her modest and small one-bedroom apartment. It is around an hour walk but she does not want to pay the penny for the trolley. 

The streets become more and more quiet and peaceful, as the noise of the street vendors dims. The sidewalk narrows significantly and the car traffic thins out. The world goes purple and hazy in her mind, and it feels that she is stuttering back and forth and it feels like she is skipping time. A bright light appears in front and she recognizes that it is a car, the car almost hit a boy and swerves off at the last second. She stops dead in her tracks and could not see boy or car. However, she recognizes that this is where she saw the vision. Moments later she seeds the boy start to walk into the street. He freaks out and starts emptying his pocket and screams 'just take it just take it' and as soon as she pulls the boy off of the sidewalk and a large black car pulls around the corner at exceptional speed and splatter's her bag. The boy, is very upset and she tries to tell him that he was about to be run over and killed. The boy responds, "The smog will get me first!" and bites her hand and runs away.

She ponders the weird flash situation and is certain that the kid would have been hit by the car had she not pulled him out of the way as she wraps up the remnants of the bag. She thinks back to stories that her grandmother told of great grandmother who had the 'Sight' and the grandmother cursed her great grandmother for having such a talent which forced them to move to America. As she is thinking these things, she feels like she is someone else on a hill and sees hands that are not hers, but recognizable, for a split second before clunking back into the here  and now. 

Thinking back on the stories from her childhood and ignoring the warnings of the ability was dangerous or not real, and just focuses on the descriptions of what her great grandmother actually did, and it clicks that this was to avoid the Great Hunger and potato famine in Ireland. She feels that she was swapping places with her great grandmother done. She takes a moment and realizes that she has a deep need to show everyone that you can do this, that you are magic. She decides to focus on this gift.