# Changling Warlock 

Has multiple faces 
	John Hollis is their main face, looks just like Oscar Wilde
	Some girl in town who they think is pretty
	Some
Multiple faces are known to the residents of [Slimy Pebble](SlimyPebble) and the residents follow along with who they are pretending to be. Raised by [Rose Violet (aka Meemaw)](Rose%20Violet%20(aka%20Meemaw).md) and effectively siblings with [Leroy](LeroyJenkins) absoluetly dedicated to Meemaw. Became terrified of water after hearing the [prophecy](ProphecyofMeemaw.md) 

## Flashback

The Travelling Circus rests just outside of Philadelphia. The Circus has red and black stripes for its circus top, with a menagerie of magical animals, a tiger with a long serptent tounge, a bird with the head of a cat. Fireeaters and contortionists are around, just magical enough that you squint at them but not enough to make it clear that they are fully magic. In the middle of the circus ring, there is a lady with a long brown braid as the lights turn black. Now standing in the middle of the ring is an old man singing and skipping, the lights turn black and back up again and a unnaturally tall red headed woman. This is her mother performing. Ayamar thinks that their mother is the most beautiful person in the world, and wants to be able to make as many faces as quickly. Absolutely dazzled by the skill. The sneak out into the crowd, even though they are not supposed to at five years old. The monster tamer puts his hand on their shoulder and sees their cheek twitching as their face tries to change and smooshes their face to his chest so no one can tell what they are doing. It is the illusion of whether or not it could be magic keeps the allure and the safety of circus. Seeing it happen for real would destroy the allure and the safety. 

He pulls them back stage to their mother. Their life is entirely play at this time, their mother swoops them into her arms. A man in the rafters lets loose some fabric from his mouth and wraps their small arm and helps lift them into their mother's arms. This is a part of every day for Ayamar and everyone around is their best friend. Ayamar is the most intimate person in their mother's life. No one knows who their father is. Ayamar's mother's body softens and her arms lenghten to extend to hug. An absolutely alien love language for the outside world. Ayamar's mother is called mother by most but fills the role of both mom and dad. 

It is night and Ayamar is eight years old. They are woken up in the middle of the night, as the circus travels in caravan. They hear the sound of an arrow hitting the side of the tent. Their mom grabs them and is larger than they have ever seen her, in the form of a gigantic man, without bothering to create a face. There is a crowd of townsfolk calling the circus sorcerors and magicians, as the top of the caravan begins to burn. 

Their mother puts her down and turns into a man they saw in the audiance the earlier day and holds their head in her hands. Ayamar turns into a 'go person' and becomes a kid that they had been playing with the night before. Their mother kisses her a lot clearly pleased but also deeply sad. Their mother puts on a serious expression as the two of them join the crowd shouting at the circus, both in the form of out tribe 'go people'. The smell sticks in their mind the most from that night. It is odd to feel how still their mom is as she shouts along with the people in the crowd as the circus is killed.

A couple months later, they are keeping to plains and the farmlands. They keep having to move, despite looking like non magical people, as a mother and her child aren't the kind of people you give work to. They are sleeping by the crick near by Slimy Pebble, although this is unknown at this time. Ayamar wakes up and the stars are exceptionally bright and there is no moon. Yet, it appears that bit of the moon is being reflected in the river, and other shards begin to appear and lengthen and join together. A large creature made of silver moonlight starts to approach the sleeping mother and their awake child. Ayamar attempts to wake their mom. She wakes up, and her eyes glaze over and her forms melts away, and walks to the riverside with glassy eyes not acknowledging Ayamar. 

Ayamar recognizes the creature as something that they are supposed to run away from and is worried and confused as their mother dangles her legs in the water near the creature. Ayamar feels a strong need to touch their mother so she leaves the water but knows she cannot get close to the water. Doormouse quiet, they call their mother's name and does so telepathically as well. The response is blank, it feels like her but is just gone as her mother slips into the water in a abrupt to fast motion. Ayamar remembers that her mother always told them to walk the other way when she walked into danger, so Ayamar watches the spot and backs up as slowly as they can until they no longer think the thing can here them and turns to run. 

Just before they can run a tentacle or snake grabs on to their legs and makes scarred cicles upon their leg as they run into the woods. They ignore the scars on their leg, and attempts to change their leg over and over again but the scars do not go away. They run straight into an old woman and collapses into her and cry. She picks up Ayamar and puts a wand into their lap and carries them into a hut surrounded by tarot cards and dice.  Ayamar just cries out the whole night until a cup of tea and a cookie is provided as she recognizes that their mom is one of the 'go people' now
