# Gannister Stoke

Considers himself a big fish in the small pond of [Slimy Pebble](SlimyPebble), rumored to have a curse upon him after a one night stand. Has a gunpowder tattoo from some accident in the past. He has a good reputation with the students of  [Slimy Pebble University](SlimyPebbleUniversity) however the same cannot be said of the administration. Good friends with [Ayamar](Ayamar) and [Leroy](LeroyJenkins). 

He works a lot harder than others but that is all in servcie to not having a normal job. Gambling with marked cards, sneaking a bit off the top of  transaction at the telegraph office, peddling drugs to university student. 

## Flashback

He has just finished up a transaction of black sludge drug to a student who has recently come from Steel City who in addition to paying for the drugs, also gives Gannister a box with [blue crystals](Blue%20Crystal.md) and explains that these "are beyond your wildest imaginings". He heads up to his hill where he goes to eat lunch. There, he meets [Lavender](Lavender.md) who confides to Gannister that the pressure of her mom leaving has been overwhelming. The two have met before and have a fairly realistic relationship compared to what Gannister's relationship to other students would be. She would do anything to relieve the stress that she is under. He explains that what he does is leave, and makes it so that whereever he is, that people do not care if he leaves, intentionally. 

She is amazed at the blue crystals and mentions that it is beyond her family's capablities to purchase. She is surprised that Jonathan Snyder didn't make him pay for it and they each take a blue crystal, and it turns her tounge blue. After a minute, her pupils become huge, and is overwhelmed by the aspect of being a live. Looking down into the ground he sees river's of blue moving out from his hill. Sitting in a valley of their own hill. Lavender thinks that there are better ways to escape and Gannister offers that the changeling in town would cover for her. 

This drug trip expirence happens from time to time on emotional days, but most days are normal. She convinces [Ayamar](Ayamar)  to take her face while she goes to parties. As time goes on she becomes more and more frantic, she keeps talking about the rivers and mentioning that they are pulling on her in some way. This continues for seveal years and during this time she starts to wear more trowsers and normal shirts. 

She starts coming from the woods rather than the town, one day she is frantic about needing to have the drug. It seems to have gotten deep into her head. She is trying to convince that there is a real person 'out there', Gannister tries to convince her that she is out of control and that she needs to slow down. She starts to wrestle with Gannister and he convinces her that he will be back tomorrow with some. She says it isn't about her, and leaves. 

That night, Gannister is woken by the emergency bell in the middle of town.  Thomas Pilfrey is ringing the bell over and over again, the University students are making magical torches and are handing them out to people as Lavender has been reported missing and the townspeople are being organized out into a search party. [Scoria](ScoriaCinderborn) books it into the woods with her darkvision, looking for groves, Scoria sees Lavender for a brief moment and she does not look how she normally does, she is on the ground like an oil slick, her face is deep in leaves. Lavender is clearly running from or after something. Scoria feels a sensation in her chest that there are presences that she cannot see or sense otherwise. This continues for a while before it abrubtly stops. Scoria saw Lavender's image but not Lavender herself. Scoria tries to steathfully moves next to the path taking these presences seriously. She eventual arrives at a ring of rocks next to a crick with the feeling of the barest of embers are there, like a campfire has been snuffed out. In the future if Scoria were to return they is nothing physical there. The locals mark it up to hunters. Scoria kept the knowledge of the presences secret from the rest. 

Gannister starts looking in the places only he would know to looking, and the search party continues for the next three days continously. For the next two weeks while people aren't working people are searching but over the next month it comes out in public that Lavender was addicted to something. Gannister looks as long as anyone and keeps asking questions long after people have stopped looking. Gannister and the Mayor cross paths several times as they both keep looking Lavender. The Mayor never acknowledges it. Scoria eventually reveals that she felt the presences and that she saw Lavender in everything and nothing to Gannister. Gannister thinks it is weird at first and asks Scoria to keep it to hersefl. 

Gannister eventually takes Scoria seriously and gets a hold of some of blue crystals and takes some trying to find where the drugs will take him. No matter how much he tries, and how much magical instruments, the more it feels like the woods are trying to keep him away. 